t1-t2 only gains difftime class optionally (#7237)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

1. `data.table(x=1, <expr>)`, where `<expr>` is an expression resulting in a 1-column matrix without column names, will eventually have names `x` and `V2`, not `x` and `V1`, consistent with `data.table(x=1, <expr>)` where `<expr>` results in an atomic vector, for example `data.table(x=1, cbind(1))` and `data.table(x=1, 1)` will both have columns named `x` and `V2`. In this release, the matrix case continues to be named `V1`, but the new behavior can be activated by setting `options(datatable.old.matrix.autoname)` to `FALSE`. See point 5 under Bug Fixes for more context; this change will provide more internal consistency as well as more consistency with `data.frame()`.

> 2. `t1 - t2`, where both `t1` and `t2` are `IDate`, will eventually have class `difftime`, consistent with the case where `t1` and `t2` are both `Date`. You can activate the new behavior by setting `options(datatable.old.diff.time = FALSE)`. See point 17 under Bug Fixes for more context.

Reviewer: Make sense to mention this option is only for temporary transition and should be generally avoided in favor of adapting code to the change

3. options `"datatable.old.matrix.autoname"` is now `FALSE` by default, meaning `names(data.table(x=1, cbind(1)))` is now `c("x", "V2")`. Toggle the option to retain the old behavior for now; future releases will work to remove this possibility. See the release notes for 1.18.0, item 1 under `NOTE OF INTENDED FUTURE POTENTIAL BREAKING CHANGES`.

### NOTICE OF INTENDED FUTURE POTENTIAL BREAKING CHANGES  

> 1. `t1 - t2`, where both `t1` and `t2` are `IDate`, will eventually have class `difftime`, consistent with the case where `t1` and `t2` are both `Date`. You can activate the new behavior by setting `options(datatable.old.diff.time = FALSE)`. See point 17 under Bug Fixes for more context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. `t1 - t2`, where both `t1` and `t2` are `IDate`, will eventually have class `difftime`, consistent with the case where `t1` and `t2` are both `Date`. You can activate the new behavior by setting `options(datatable.old.diff.idate = FALSE)`. See the release notes for v1.18.0, item 17 under Bug Fixes for more context.
```
